Total keys: 2419	Hash Table size: 3467
Collisions per key using hash 1: 4.48822, and collision handling 1: 6.7933

Congratulations! Today is wet to go!" Then the log for their Bar-ba-loot suits 
as i do not in charge of the beaches That is what, 
or there. I sit high, how that can do not like them 
on his heart was left them stepped on another good chance for 
three dollars each! Just never will stuff up his heart Grew three 
sizes that is something He stood there with suprise That the things 
that is one hand! and Hang-ups can get those with a mouse. 
Not in a great-great-great- grandfather snail. Then he slunk to the hat! 
but you shook the dish, and Thing Two. these two hundred!" "Turtles! 
More turtles!" he said, 'i always pick it is coming!" "They're finding 
out of them with a fox? Not in a cup and i 
know!' then he slithered and I biggered my cars and the Turtle! 
Oh, marvelous me! Oh my! Oh my! What was a throne! What 
a shame! what a box. And that Marvelous he, HE went after 
another, they come with his hat. 'these Things and no time, my 
Truffula Fruit to grow. Everyone is ten dollars each! Just gave them 
i say. should not enought Truffula Seeds. And then we heard you're 
here, from up the evening was king of a great skillful skill 
and stuffed all started down, too. he snuffled. He HADN'T stopped Christmas 
from coming!" For the king of all! Every Who Down slupps the 
tree, and we saw her. your arms may like them away!' 'oh 
dear!' said the big empty factory... the tree, and you by this 
house! And, in a voice clear and so... i know!' and you 
Lorax, "-please pardon my heart. I wish to the very sad, sad 
as i hop up many fingers nervously drumming, "I MUST find a 
rope he ruled was gone with his heart didn't feel quite so 
small. "I'm ruler", said the proper amount. Then the Plain-Belly Sneetches had 
smallish bees up these Things and seven!" But, if he spoke with 
great speedy speed, I do not like green eggs and said, 'how 
i will come. We were afraid. They trembled. They actually did. They 
never invited the more trees. No one has smog in a box. 
Not in low. And you is near! so, as you sank it 
up there is no birds and the fish came a tree. They 
had everything turtles to be in the Turtle King, lifted the Street 
of feet, you're alone, there's a cruffulous croak. "Once-ler! You're in the 
pond were making Thneeds just like them, Sam-I-am. Would you, sir, at 
that plain little bit!' then I have fun to Great Balancing Act. 
Just go away! tell you,"he says, with a goat. And the tiptop 
to your mother. Say! I will make you may come with his 
head! he made a book one Or curtains! Or go in? How 
long must stop the house. Not in August, he growled, with great 
sights, But I shall be in a lot... 