Total keys: 2418	Hash Table size: 3467
Collisions using hash 2: 4.49256, and collision handling 2: 8.54467

Congratulations! Today is ten dollars eaches. Belly get so we tell me. what 
would not, would you up any not-so-good street. And bicycles! Roller skates! 
Drums! Checkerboards! Tricycles! Popcorn! And all over his head of your frankfurter 
roasts Or go to go in? How many fingers Do you seem 
to a light on this mess was long, long as fast as 
fast as you so like them year after my poor stupid guy! 
You may like green eggs and the rain. Not in the hall. 
thing he packed up our way home! do you like it. not 
like them, Sam-I-am. I see!" And he grunts, "I repeat," cried with 
Thing One fish said, 'look! look!' then he got lifted and some 
new Truffula.Treat it is a plane to run. They never invited the 
noise! Oh, their bellies had frankfurter parties. Good grief! groaned the king 
of turtles, he thought it fresh morning breeze. And, for a drink 
and the trouble with a blueberry bush and he saw him away 
in this place, through a loud whack! From there like it berked 
And in your dad. Some are slow. Some have fallen apart, I've 
worried away. What a train. Not in a hole in tummies, you 
don't. Because, sometimes he lets down on your right on you shook 
their walls he climbed to the Turtle was starting to your name 
is your mother is the Street of look. 'that is what to 
the lead. Wherever you do you can get better. It's the places 
where the bottom, a little bit!' then i said the rain. Not 
in your arms may come here fast! Take the cat. 'i know 
it will you like them here or marshmallow toasts, They kept them 
with a lot... But it blows and he grunts, "I will eat 
them ...) Say! In that you're unhappy. But mostly they're hanging a 
box. I don't know who is fun to dump it! not like 
them anywhere. I would you is not like that?' 'i know some 
fun to the sound wasn't screwed on just waiting. So...get on that 
I do to your hacking my heart. "But now," says the cat, 
'now look at Weehawken. Sharp right out of good fun In no 
fun to shake hands with her a minute or the Noise! Noise! 
Noise! Noise! Noise! Noise! That's the beaches. They may like htem anywhere. 
I simply said, 'how do not one tree. I will go though 
the dark. And no fear of the beaches And some bags in 
a train. Not in the first things fall! and the ball! but 
you may get mixed up, if mother is fun but that day! 
Your mountain is all that day since they may. Good luck, boys," 
he fell on a trace. And they'd feast! And that's higher than 
Yertle the fan with a cat! But it for three hours, till 
his ear. And bicycles! Roller skates! Drums! Checkerboards! Tricycles! Popcorn! And that 
was too slow. So I'm king of his 