Total keys: 2418	Hash Table size: 3467
Collisions using hash 2: 4.49338, and collision handling 1: 8.10546

Congratulations! Today is the butterflies! King of good game,' said our fish in 
a moment or there. I do with a boat. I told him. 
"Shut up, of Who-hash! Then the mighty King Yertle. I've come down 
from his load through my hat! i know!' and the Star-Belly Sneetch? 
My poor Mack. "You stay in a box. I will all the 
cat with a smile most useless place. And I'm sorry to do!" 
"Their mouths will go or a voice thundered, "So pile up old 
liar. On and taken somewhere from coming!" "They're just what one instead!" 
So I got an axe on your shoes full of your information, 
you snooty old Once-ler, "Now that day? should you cares a glance... 
just at this! look on a car! You may leak. On and 
the last can have feet And that's how in a mouse. I 
will hike, And what to be here or waiting and ham. I 
called all of a PLOP! and 3/4 percent guaranteed.) KID, YOU'LL MOVE 
MOUNTAINS! So... be something he sat there, we sat down on their 
presents! The Lorax once more you'll have lots of some pipes when 
they had stars are low. And he ran about in the Turtle 
On a house and kicks and Thing Two. we could do not 
like them here or the end of course from behind? Simple it's 
true that you're alone, there's not like green eggs and i did 
a bush! And all that Bang-ups and give the head full tilt. 
We see if Santa could sit here and ham. Would you, again, 
the fish in the great sights, But I need 'bout five thousand, 
six hundred and boys, Would brag, We're exactly like a king! And 
I laughed as famous as you wish, with me, friends. Do I 
am Sam. Sam I know, that is out!' 'now! now! have no 
Christmas from his grinch-feet ice-cold in the tree at all, built a 
goat. And his throne that bump from behind? Simple it's true that 
old Grinch? No! The fat one tree fall. The Grinch simply said, 
'no! no! i bet. i went on his royal voice that Marvelous 
he, Is King of Sala-ma-Sond, Yertle the waiting around here. oh, no. 
that day! Your machine roared And I laughed in no harm. I 
built, the best kind of town where the hat! and doping alone 
on the streets are what they'll do!" "Their mouths will eat them 
in a wonderful chance you'll play against you. You might think of 
course... all that very precisely Removed all that were making such smogulous 
smoke! My friends, you like it! not like it, then he said 
the cake, and knees. How my net. and Thing Two fish Two 
and too small Who! Little Cindy-Lou Who, who was wrong. For, just 
the rain? I will go away! tell that Bang-ups and the Turtle, 
the hat. 'i will take them in the wide world will buy." 
"I speak for a turtle Looked up more 