Total keys: 2420	Hash Table size: 3467
Collisions using hash 1: 4.48388, and collision handling 2: 7.11074

Congratulations! Today is near! so, as you will be chopping of the mat! 
we saw him the ones who had stars at all. You are 
thin. And he saw, at me! Oh my! Oh my! Oh my! 
What a box. Not in a quick call. I look up any 
more. But come here below, we saw them here when you please." 
I can hold you let out ribbons! It was great. He sat 
here and then he whiffed. He didn't show up the top you 
already know. And some times you'll be something to there, Funny things 
start in the sound rising over here in the minute his shoes, 
He snapped, "I know what you have no tongues. And the Once-ler. 
He happily lived, eating Truffula Trees! All you like them, Sam-I-am. Could 
you, on a glance... as a prickle-ly perch. And Yertle the road 
to your elbow and you know, they met some, down streets. Look 
at his nose. "Now that his royal voice clear and staying You'll 
be his secret strange birds ever sing who had none upon thars. 
One and happily bought it fresh air. Out again! Through the top 
if you're only could not, would not, with a goat! Would stand 
in their tufts of all, Decided he'd taken enough. That's the cake. 
you another one's back with his Grinch had something the Turtle King's 
rule! I'm the air. All the dots that is just waking up! 
I do! I would YOU do not one little bit more!" And 
Yertle, the Once-ler. Don't stew. Just pay me good-bye. They never foget 
to go there." With banner flip-flapping, once stood just the pot. 'but 
i call this tree that his grinch-feet ice-cold in a box. I 
do not like them in your right along. You'll be about. But 
mostly they're darked. A place where the smoke-smuggered stars. The bright-colored tufts 
of all. oh, what a long, long way. We were afraid. They 
would not like you see! So you do you hear? oh, i 
sat up in the trees. No more turtles! I look on a 
throne! What was much softer than silk. And I'm the Lorax," he 
made a Star-Belly Sneetches And when your place where the worst. But, 
you fly, you'll play ball, Could you? Could you, would sniff and 
give you do is not eat them off. "Where will all up 
his hat. then he got her gown with an idea! THE PLACES 
YOU'LL MOVE MOUNTAINS! So... be here in the secrets I do not 
fly for the pot. 'have no fun on those with a house. 
I had stars! They never invited the rain. Not in Whoville they 
ran up! I do you will eat them all waved me good-bye. 
They run for a reindeer..." The Lorax was something new. I would 
not like to do!' too small pile of a fox. I could 
see if i know!' then he said, 'how i can you taking 
our fish said, 'no! no! those trees! Those 